CCIV - What went well: Didn't buy too much at once, was able to get decent discounts. Held through a 25% move cause I believed (didn't sell cause I knew I was just going to buy again, could've scalped but whatever). The stock itself was insanely speculative (any hint of a "catalyst", fake or legit, doesn't matter, hype/rumors good enough). 
Definitely good luck. Holding a spac to a merger is a high risk, so being able to make 75% without that risk is good enough for me, I am out unless crazy discount. 
QD - Just hold lol. $1 to almost $4 in a couple weeks.

HYPE STOCKS ARE THE PLAY, but eventually they burn out/are forgetten, so have to be very alert to catch first move of these hype stocks

Do more reading and due diligence so I can understand if worth getting into (know if worth holding down 15%, if it has the "hype potential")

Hype potential: Talked a lot about on the apps (Twitter, stocktwits, etc), potential for crazy catalysts (mostly rumors), small amount of shares available, rel volume, short ratio/percentage

Be open-minded to these crazy stocks

Check general market/sector etf/sector competition before making decision on stock

Know the current meta (what sectors are hot and trendy) i.e: EV's, Weed, etc

Know that sectors pop off and cool off, buy in cool off obv. For example, solar cooling off rn (2/16/21)

Would doing proper due diligence really tell me the secret of whether CCIV and Lucid or merging?
The "news" could just be people straight bugging: "This dude is making new SPACs, so this deal is wrapped up." Not necessarily, the deal could be either not happening or stalling, so he is planning his next money maker.

Why wouldn't a company merge with a spac?

Leave some skin in the game when a stock is crazy running (CCIV that day)

Overtime I will be the guys speculating like crazy when CCIV is at 15 bucks

Do more reading for potential catalysts/potential rumors

Actual read SEC filings?

Learn how to set good price targets

"Buy when people are hating a stock, not loving it". "When value you dips, you should buy value". But this only applies to stock that you have done due diligence on and know that there is value in it.

If I do a due deligence on a stock that I believe has a very high price target from current price and a lot of deep value, does that matter in this crazy market? Will companies with hidden value be picked up by the boys and hyped up? (Maybe not the normal idea of value. But the potential/value of hype catalysts/rumors/speculations, etc)

Why I think $PLTR is a good play/dip buy: Many depreciating factors for this week ("bad" earnings, ipo shares lock up ended) that don't reflect the companies actual value (still revenue growth and compounding amounts of clients). Obviously it was going to be beat down this week, so recovery was clear. I just didn't know when to buy, cause I didn't want to buy it on the way down, so I didn't buy at 25 (which was the right play). 

After a stock has a direct offering priced at-the-market, worth buying the dip (assuming you buy after confirmation)? More shares (supply) at the same demand means lower price of the stock. This doesn't mean the company itself is worth less, so price target is the same. So worth buying assuming everything else is the same? 

Info on current picks:
PLTR - "Why was it down?": "Bad" earnings (47% revenue growth for 2020, but -0.08 loss per share vs 0.02 positive per share (EPS btw, net income/total outstanding shares), they also projected lower revenue growth (30% year over year) in the future, IPO shares lock up period over). So buying the dip seems good.

NIO/XPEV/LI - Trailing off for a while (especially XPEV/LI), no real catalyst to explain why. All have earnings late Feb/early March. Could be because CCIV is taking up all the hype.

AYRO - 

The reason why reading news and digging deep and DD is good for stocks because you can "predict" future catalysts (the more the better, more opportunities for money). Also, good earnings, no matter how stupid of a market, will make the stock go up, so if the business model can produce a lot of income, good. If they have good growth plans (i.e: Ayro + delivering vaccine and campus vehicles when campuses reopen, or WKHS because of Biden and EV governmental fleets, same for MP, SUNW, etc. For $CLOV, if you know the business model is good and it is a legit company, then buying with the short seller report is ok). If you believe in a company, you will buy dips and not panic sell. 
New partnerships, big deals, big contracts, potential plays (campus reopening + AYRO fleet), digitalizing real estate, reopening of businesses, which industries/niches is the company targetting and how?, what's the growth change with that, reoccuring business model (subscription service/you have to rebuy/reload product)
I have to be able to have the imagination to think what technologies are going to be used in the future. Connect the dots yo. (like 5g?). Invest in one of the top 3/5 or leader in the sector/niche/field/industries. New developments in new services. New parts of the ecosystem. Approach to the market. What does this business do differently? "Understand the gaps and where the market may be underserved"

Huge risk/reward catalysts: FDA approvals, showcases/programs don't go to plan (FRSX), stock direct offering (NNDM), short seller reports (CLOV, PLTR), earnings (PLTR), people doing everything online (food delivery included, Ayro??)

"You want to invest in these stocks before the news announcements. Get the gains by having faith in the companies because of something that is about to come." - what I was saying about doing DD to find stocks with good potential catalysts (these stocks should have good outlooks and futures so that these catalysts can happen). YOU HAVE BASICALLY PREDICT POTENTIAL CATALYSTS (and invest) AND IF THEY HAPPEN BIG WINS. 

Something I should ask companies I what to invest in: "What do you think is the most impactful & realistic opportunity for Ayro to capture the most market share?"

"Cushions" - The many opportunities a stock can take advantage of: For example, Ayro: Working with government to convert fleet of delivery trucks to electric cause of Biden, working with restaurants for food delivery (replacing Ubereats/Grubhub/Doordash), college campuses vehicles change to electric (especially with campuses reopening). The CEO likes delivery market more. 

CLOV - "The most predictable growth model he has seen for a while"

SUNW - Mostly residential (they say increase your home value while being sustainable), EV charging systems, nothing extraodinary about their solar panel technology, mostly focused in California? Take care of full installation and maintence of solar panels. 

Anything that can be hyped up by a news article (like a huge contract) is strong catalyst for penny stocks

Things for analyzing earnings report: Profit margins increasing (especially for small cap/scaling business model), revenue growth (20%+), debt, available cash, EPS, EBIT (earnings before interest and tax)

Pitch deck - Brief presentation for potential investors that gives an overview of your business plan

BUY IN SMALLER POSITIONS (1/3 or 1/4) AT FIRST, THIS ALLOWS YOU TO BUY DIPS WITHOUT FULLY WAITING FOR RECOVERY (CAUSE THE STOCK WOULD GO UP TOO MUCH), AND YOU CAN BUY AS IT GOES UP (PRICE UP)

You should not be judging the worth of a stock by its price, you should be know if it is worth buying on down days because of due diligence. 

FOMO and not realizing there is always a good play every day besides this one has lead me to buy MARA, RIOT, SUNW, and more at a bad price lol

Should I just trade stocks post-earnings. If a stock has bad earnings, most likely an overreaction, so buy the dip? Idk about playing pre-anticapatory. 

Market inefficiencies - One sector (green tech) down a lot for no real reason, inflation pops (market spook)

Market panics? I think I should start buying small positions during market panics (but we didn't know if it was a crash or nah)

Market cycles 

Why SPACs prices are falling rn - "Interest rates scares in the overall market, money goes and retreats out of the more speculative sectors of the stock market (more expensive, with higher interest rates, to take on risks), growth sector cooling off, SPACs are the most speculative subsector of all time.

So maybe yolo on SPACs?

Buying so much PLTR so quick was very stupid by me. I was riding the high of CCIV big money, so I thought just buying a lot of a "hype" stock would work. 

Instead of buying a lot of something, I should be focusing on building positions with good deals on stocks

For any correction (more than 2 days of red in a row (specifically for growth stocks)), should I just buy small positions every day of stocks I believe in. The only thing I am worried about is how long of a correction (or what if the correction is the crash).

Could a real crash come in the near future? How long for inflation rates/bond yields to scare people enough. I do want to buy the dips on corrections... 

With the assumption that it is not a crash (j correction), buy on third day down. Try to buy everyday. Make sure positions not too big. Buy a lot of value plays. Buy decent amount of conviction plays. If I do this, even if market keeps correcting, eventually it will come back? As long as not market crash. Don't be scared to open account to see red, cause you can buy poggers. 
But what if a stock gets destroyed by momentum, continues to plummet. 

I was way too excited to buy stuff, now when stuff keep going down I just have to sit and wait, can't get any good deals (or only really small amounts)

When an industry is trendy (Crypto/Doge, etc) accept the ego and just yolo a little bit. Until Crypto isn't cool on reddit, decent chance of making a quick buck tbh. 

The reason why stuff usually bounces at lows: Wall Street was shorting it on the way down, but risk short squeeze if they short near lows, so they start buying (if the stock seems to have value).

Plans when market (mostly speculative) taking huge hits (lots of shorts from big boys, fud, lost hope). 
Sell everything: Really risking to time market. "Time in market beats timing the market".
Just hold: If you have conviction in all the stocks, then eventually they will go back up. 
Buy dips: If you have a small position of something, you could buy a hint more.

Focus on certain industries only? Or just go for all trending plays? 
My focuses: Nuclear, EVs, maybe other alt energies, crypto poggers, data/info/software
Ig the safe plays/blue chip

Never judge a stock based on its trading price. The true value is the due diligence and speculation you make on what it will be valued at in the future (catalysts, new niches, new opportunities, etc)

Good stock: What calaysts in the near future can boost this? What world events affect this? What policies/government affect this? What markets are becoming more popular with technology (literally anything related to tech, food delivery, online shopping)? How much of market it can take. Growth potential. Is it a scam (could this be delisted?)? Where will it be in 5 years? 