Ziptrader Quotes
"Pre-anticipatory runs and post-reaction plays"
"Don't hold through earnings"
"As a rule folks, you should never be holding a crashing stock unless your goal on said stock is to hold out to a long term price target, and which case you must have the stomach to hold through down trends. Have faith in the company, you know it is worth value (do research)."
"The people who lose are those who hold through down trends, but don't have any intention of holding it until it goes back up, or has an exit strategy."
"Make an exit plan: are you going to sell out at the first show of weakness, which means validation, or are you going to hold through storms to your target price?"
"BTC receiving more mainstream acceptance, wall street, major institiutions investing, wow even Ark investment" 
"EVERY REACTION IS AN OVERREACTION IN THE STOCK MARKET"

Links
Biopharma Catalyst Calendar - https://www.biopharmcatalyst.com/calendars/fda-calendar
Penny stock news - https://www.google.com/search?client=opera&q=penny+stocks+news&sourceid=opera&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8
NLP + Stock news headlines trading - https://towardsdatascience.com/using-nlp-and-deep-learning-to-predict-the-stock-market-64eb9229e102
Earnings Calendar: https://markets.businessinsider.com/earnings-calendar#date=01/25/2021&name=&countries=&eventtypes=103,99&tab=ALL

Indicators (Ziptrader approved):
15-30 min interval for support/resistance lines
Most important: 9 SMA line - Measure price strength, above line (positive price strength territory), below line (negative price strength territory). We can ride positive price strength (a confirmation of price strength) until we have negative price strength (sell off? depends on your faith). Concrete entry and exit points.
Clean price strength, choppy price strength. 
Elevating factors.
Directional 180 SMA line - Gauge direction (uptrend or downtrend), if you are trading above it (upward direction), if you are trading below it (downward). If a stock trys turn an upward direction (above) into a downward (below), and is rejected, called "rejection of a downward direction"(elevating factor)
Upward sentiment volume - High relative volume when stock is in upward trend (elevating factor)
Downward sentiment volume - High relative volume when stock is in downward trend
RSI - "more likely" to be a good/bad deal or overextended. Oversold is an elevating factor.

All elevating factors:
Above 9 SMA line + clean price strength (not shifting above and below 9 SMA)
Above 180 SMA line directional line 
If a stock trys to turn from upward to downwards direction, but is rejected, "rejection of a downward direction"
Upward sentiment volume (high relative volume when stock upwards)
RSI oversold/fair value
Stock frequently is overbought

All depreciating factors:
Below 9 SMA line + shifting above and below line
First touch of 9 SMA sell 
Below 180 SMA line directional line 
If a stock turns from upward to downwards direction (crosses below 180 SMA)
If a stock turns from downwards to upwards direction "rejection of a downward direction"
Upward sentiment volume (high relative volume when stock upwards)
RSI overbought


3 Bar rule:
Whole point of 3 Bar rule is to use in place of regular elevating vs depreciating factors. 
3 Bar rule best for 
3 Bar rule not good for when there are multiple huge appreciating factors (such as passing the 9 SMA line)
Wicks (high/low) do matter, don't judge just by open/close. 

To find 3 bar plays:
1. Identify stocks with potiental catalysts the night before (FDA approvals, earnings release, new guidance)
2. Scan for stocks that are oversold & increasing (low RSI + reversal)
3. Create a #losers watchlist, watch for any stock that is oversold
4. Find previous history of 3 bar play (stocks that have already had 3 bar play, bull or bear)
5. Best for 1/2/3/5 min 
6. Scan for after hours/premarket runners. 

Why cant I just selling off/oversold stocks and buy them?
Do I try to sell the afterhours (basically buying stocks right at the end of the day that are trailing off near low of day, then sell after hours)? Still has decent support, 
Do I just start buying WSB stocks? (aka low priced stocks with high short interest (35%+))

What did I do wrong? Not even patient + FOMO? Spy was down almost 3% today, so unlucky there. 


Stupid stuff to buy:
"revenge buying"
Cruiselines
Gyms
Trivago
Vacations
Movie theaters
Wait for selling off
BB, NOK, AMC
Stuff related to stimulus, vaccine, herd immunity, reopening, green energy, come up with ideas: 
i.e: "Everyone needs loans right now, so buy Lending Tree"
Starbucks? - Becky stock, Covid prep, in China (no luckyn coffee), Schultz in it with Xi Ji Ping
VTNR - energy yolo
Look at SPY before buy/sell


If I hear about a stock after its initial run, should I invest?
Just watch the StockTraderGuy's stream?

When to trade pre-anticapotry? One day before FDA, the day before, a week before?
Should I just do my own thang while learning? Or follow stupid trends?

My trading manifesto:
Scale in and out of positions, especially for high voltality stocks. When a stock looks interesting, buy a little at first, buy more with confirmation. Start selling near resistance/validation, keep a lil to gamble. Can always scale back in if confirmation.
Strats:
Oversold + history of bouncing back + lots of upside, lil downside (how far sup and res are)
NO FOMO, there's a 200%er everyday, chill out, learn first
Actually look for good deals, not chasing trends. Buy in at oversold + price confirmation
Know when to cut losses (no emotions, validation bye bye)
Actually sell at validation
3 bar strat?
Do your own research (FDA, news, earnings, events, rumors, think what sector could be popping)
Try som of the Charlie and TheStockGuy stock
No more emotion, have to follow plan no matter what (selling at validation and waiting for good deal)
Do a lil gamba
Trader psychology
Pre and post reactionary plays (FDA, events, earnings, etc)
Try holding some capital, rather than always being 100% invested, so you can buy stuff

Current goal: 1k -> 1.5k -> 2k -> 3k -> 5k -> add more of my own capital. Learn a lot, gain experience, get used to it.

When stock runs up on a real news catalyst (not speculation like CCIV), can sell 50% of position or less to keep skin in the game for a possible second day rally.

Don't chase trends, wait for good deals (spoiled brat), but good deals mean good set up (not just that the stock is down a lot, actual signs of recovery, better to wait for a good deal with signs of recovery then gamble it by just buying it straight up). Don't tunnel vision on a stock going up, look for new opportunities and come back to it on a dip.

Buying stocks and selling stocks in a doses (like CCIV)

Being able to hold when a stock is down (but the sector and related stocks are down) and you know the company is decent

Yolo on the first day of trending stocks (TLRY, SNDL, GME, AMC, etc). Be very cautious to hold over night (unless crazy catalyst to do so)

Is it ever worth buying in on an up-day or pretty solid up trend (does it depend on how much up, or should I always wait for down day)

Always buy a small position first (thirds??). If down day but show elevating factors of recovering, buy in. Can buy higher if you really believe in it (you weren't when you first started buying, but are fairly confident in it now).

Merger confirmation is different from official merger (both are catalysts with hype periods and cool-offs). Ex: CCIV and Lucid confirm merger vs when they actually merge

Can my FOMO be solved by knowing that I can wait to buy plays until I get a good discount since there is always another good stock on a discount. For example, don't buy SUNW the first time I did, since nuclear sector was on a discount. Now I get all stocks at a discount!!!

Recognize when market is a selling off mode. Just look at SPY chart, AAPL chart, ARKK, etc. For times like this, best to get good deals on stocks you believe in (safer plays and highly researched conviction plays) and very small positions on growth/riskier stocks

Maybe don't trade all different sectors. (i.e: EV, healthcare, Biotech, Nuclear, Solar, data analytics, BTC, etc.)